hello and welcome to yet another lego
star wars review this time it's at seven
seven four nine Echo Base which I got
today as well my birthday okay box as
you'll see another review is pretty big
for the pieces it comes with 216 pieces
you get features on the back Total Drama
Souls etc concert oh there and the
awesome old logo they used to have on
the old styles that those two get when I
was like four eighty seven to twelve 749
base 10th anniversary of Lego stalls
okay see what clear is fairly small but
in the back you get a list of some of
the other set for them pull the other
smaller and a list of all the many foods
that have been released this year and
features and this cool new space scene
poster it's cgi animated by the way and
then you get instructions in the pot
right tense minifigures too hot rebels
one with a rifle normal blaster they've
got new goggle pieces which are pretty
awesome often recall you get three you
get two for them once bear han Solo and
hot gear we've lost them binoculars he
does not i repeat is not common any hair
just comes with this recall hood and
undid that design you've got the thing
on the chest yeah okay and you also get
a snow tube with blaster and a snow
tumor with an e web blaster ii webs
awesome and this piece here it's like a
jungle vine but black works really well
okay basically not to dance set okay it
has a tauntaun first Leggett also never
release or something make custom ones we
know got a hotter binoculars down panel
get on take off the gun stick it in that
side there and then just put on
comfortably in here yes as it is the
arms and the horns move the whole
environment to right answer main points
that you get the turret and a little
dirt trench so the turret can be
attached here on the side it rotates 360
degrees now you get farmer Seljuk press
the switch and yeah it worked
particularly well one thing i hate about
some of these models their flick files
just awful this bit here opens you can
get one of your rebels and push his arms
off of it stick in ma it won't close
with him in right away and religiously
yeah it's bit on the bottom of the
turret opens and you get one of your
rebels then just stick him in there oh
nice well that's very hard to do this
one-handed hang on get him in there and
close door bunker um it's not that
special what you can do with it you get
a rebel sticking on there and supposed
to be like an explosion from the EWEB so
hard yeah and I'll try again sometimes
it works better
What's Wrong this well we'll hang on I
got it oh well I don't use that feature
mainly having a little moist abuses but
yeah I give the set a turn at the
nine-year nine I once again for the
abysmal split pharmacist and this one
this one doesn't even come out I mean
what's the point yeah and the exploding
single apartment work you well but apart
from that I say it's a brilliant sir I
recommend you get it and next review
well that's white sea